Restore vb compat info and add splash/about template info (#24379)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/visualbasic/3.0/microsoft.visualbasic.devices-unavailable.md

﻿### Types in Microsoft.VisualBasic.Devices namespace not available

The types in the <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Devices?displayProperty=fullName> namespace are not available.

#### Version introduced

> .NET Core 3.0 Preview 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET Core 3.0
```

#### Change description

> The types in the <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Devices?displayProperty=fullName> namespace were available in some .NET Core 3.0 Preview releases,. They are no longer available starting with .NET Core 3.0 Preview 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The types in the <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Devices?displayProperty=fullName> namespace were available in .NET Framework. They are not available in .NET Core 3.0 - 3.1.
```
